[LPT] Documentation (developer guide) (#7444)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/low_precision_transformations/pipeline/step1_prerequisites.md

# OpenVINO™ LPT: step #1. Prerequisites transformations {#openvino_docs_IE_DG_lpt_step1_prerequisites}

> Prerequiisites transformatiions are optional. The goal is prepare a model before to run other low precision transformations. Transformations don't operate with dequantization operations, don't update precisions. Transformations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites transformations are optional. The goal is prepare a model before to run other low precision transformations. Transformations don't operate with dequantization operations, don't update precisions. Transformations:
```

Author: done, thanks
